README.md, before:

# Development environments driven by Nix flakes

| Language        | Project               |
| :-------------- | :-------------------- |
| [Go]            | [`go`](./go/)         |
| [Java]          | [`java`](./java/)     |
| [Node.js][node] | [`node`](./node/)     |
| [PHP]           | [`php`](./php/)       |
| [Python]        | [`python`](./python/) |
| [Rust]          | [`rust`](./rust/)     |

## Revisions

| Input                                                                    | Revision                                                                                                                            |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`github:NixOS/nixpkgs`](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs)               | [`8937eaacc0b2bd5a365943fd959adb3cad56ad73`](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/8937eaacc0b2bd5a365943fd959adb3cad56ad73)        |
| [`github:numtide/flake-utils`](https://github.com/numtide/flake-utils)   | [`bee6a7250dd1b01844a2de7e02e4df7d8a0a206c`](https://github.com/numtide/flake-utils/tree/bee6a7250dd1b01844a2de7e02e4df7d8a0a206c)  |
| [`github:oxalica/rust-overlay`](https://github.com/oxalica/rust-overlay) | [`3e95d6696b51f88b3ebfc7a21aefaeeb70a245bd`](https://github.com/oxalica/rust-overlay/tree/3e95d6696b51f88b3ebfc7a21aefaeeb70a245bd) |

[go]: https://golang.org
[java]: https://docs.oracle.com/java
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[php]: https://www.php.net
[python]: https://python.org
[rust]: https://rust-lang.org

Commit message:

Add GitPod config to repo

README.md, after:

# Development environments driven by Nix flakes

| Language        | Project               |
| :-------------- | :-------------------- |
| [Go]            | [`go`](./go/)         |
| [Java]          | [`java`](./java/)     |
| [Node.js][node] | [`node`](./node/)     |
| [PHP]           | [`php`](./php/)       |
| [Python]        | [`python`](./python/) |
| [Rust]          | [`rust`](./rust/)     |

## Revisions

| Input                                                                    | Revision                                                                                                                            |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`github:NixOS/nixpkgs`](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs)               | [`8937eaacc0b2bd5a365943fd959adb3cad56ad73`](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/8937eaacc0b2bd5a365943fd959adb3cad56ad73)        |
| [`github:numtide/flake-utils`](https://github.com/numtide/flake-utils)   | [`bee6a7250dd1b01844a2de7e02e4df7d8a0a206c`](https://github.com/numtide/flake-utils/tree/bee6a7250dd1b01844a2de7e02e4df7d8a0a206c)  |
| [`github:oxalica/rust-overlay`](https://github.com/oxalica/rust-overlay) | [`3e95d6696b51f88b3ebfc7a21aefaeeb70a245bd`](https://github.com/oxalica/rust-overlay/tree/3e95d6696b51f88b3ebfc7a21aefaeeb70a245bd) |

## GitPod browser environment

You can run these Nix flakes examples in your browser using [GitPod]:

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/the-nix-way/nix-flakes-examples)

The GitPod environment has [Nix] installed and flakes enabled.

[gitpod]: https://gitpod.io
[go]: https://golang.org
[java]: https://docs.oracle.com/java
[nix]: https://nixos.org
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[php]: https://www.php.net
[python]: https://python.org
[rust]: https://rust-lang.org
